<html><body><p>Yesterday night, the dinner at Suswaad hotel (Near Timex showroom in CMH Road) did not go well with me. Especially the oily parotha and ghee roast. My dad feels it could be pasta I had in the afternoon also which did not go well.

At the karate class in the morning, was fighting non-digestion and inflexiblity with the body and stomach. Constantly thinking to give up and go home. But carried on, held and streched with great difficultly till the end. Felt good at last that I did not give up. Got to be more careful with the food now.

I have put on a lot of weight due to irregular practise of karate after shifting my home from Jeevan Bhima Nagar to C.V. Raman nagar. When at Jeevan Bhima Nagar, I used to run daily to New Horizon School in the morning and on alternate days practise karate. But distance from C.V.Raman nagar to New Horizon School at 100ft road is bit too far for running. Once I tried, just walked, but ended up completely exhausted. I have got back with running now covering only the CV Raman nagar area and then on alternate days taking my bike to karate clases. My friend, Sharma helped me in getting back to the classes by giving a wake up in the morning, that really worked and I will be thankful to him.

So far so good. But I still have align my work habits, night workouts with getting up early and going for karate. If I work bit late (later than 12:00 am in the night, leave alone 2:00 and 3:00 am night outs),I find it very difficult to getup at 5:30. Got to somehow work that out as well.</p></body></html>