<html><body><p>Nobody should start to undertake a large project. You start with a small<br>_trivial_ project, and you should never expect it to get large. If you<br>do, you'll just overdesign and generally think it is more important than<br>it likely is at that stage. Or worse, you might be scared away by the<br>sheer size of the work you envision. <br><br>So start small, and think about the details. Don't think about some big<br>picture and fancy design. If it doesn't solve some fairly immediate<br>need, it's almost certainly over-designed. And don't expect people to<br>jump in and help you. That's not how these things work. You need to get<br>something half-way _useful_ first, and then others will say "hey, that<br>_almost_ works for me", and they'll get involved in the project. <br><br>And if there is anything I've learnt from Linux, it's that projects have<br>a life of their own, and you should _not_ try to enforce your "vision"<br>too strongly on them. Most often you're wrong anyway, and if you're not<br>flexible and willing to take input from others (and willing to change<br>direction when it turned out your vision was flawed), you'll never get<br>anything good done. <br><br>In other words, be willing to admit your mistakes, and don't expect to<br>get anywhere big in any kind of short timeframe. I've been doing Linux<br>for thirteen years, and I expect to do it for quite some time still. If<br>I had _expected_ to do something that big, I'd never have started. It<br>started out small and insignificant, and that's how I thought about it.<br><br>- Linus Benedict Torvalds<br> <br><br><br></p></body></html>