<html><body><blockquote>“If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly." - G.K. Chesterton</blockquote><p>This is amazing quote, quite a guiding principle that many of us forget in our rapid pace of life. More so, it is so easy to mis-interpret it.  We live in a world that people demand perfectionism, mostly from others and every hides what they do for themselves.  This is where this quote comes in handy to remember. </p><p>It is brilliantly explained in <a href="http://www.chesterton.org/discover-chesterton/frequently-asked-questions/a-thing-worth-doing/">this article</a> giving the context of this quote. Here is the section from the article which goes to the crux of this.</p><p><em>As for “the rearing of the young,” which is the education of the very young, this is a job not for the specialist or the professional, but for the “generalist” and the amateur. In other words, for the mother, who Chesterton argues is “broad” where men are “narrow.” In What’s Wrong with the World, Chesterton forsaw the dilemma of daycare and the working mother, that children would end up being raised by “professionals” rather than by “amateurs.” And here we must understand “amateur” in its truest and most literal meaning. An amateur is someone who does something out of love, not for money. She does what she does not because she is going to be paid for her services and not because she is the most highly skilled, but because she wants to do it. And she does “the things worth doing,” which are the things closest and most sacred to all of humanity – nurturing a baby, teaching a child the first things, and, in fact, all things.</em></p><p><em>The line, “if a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly,” is not an excuse for poor efforts. It is perhaps an excuse for poor results. But our society is plagued by wanting good results with no efforts (or rather, with someone else’s efforts). We hire someone else to work for us, to play for us (that is, to entertain us), to think for us, and to raise our children for us. We have left “the things worth doing” to others, on the poor excuse that others might be able to do them better.</em></p><p> </p></body></html>