<html><body><p>-----Forwarded Message-----<br>From: O.R.Senthil Kumaran <br>To: Denis Howe <br>Cc: charlesmarie88@hotmail.com<br>Subject: Re: FOLDOC entry to edit: [Charles T. Marie : Josephson device (i.e. Josephson junction)]<br>Date: Mon, 28 Jun 2004 22:40:37 +0530<br><br>Josepshson Junction<br>         A type of {electronic} {circuit} capable of<br>	switching at very high speeds when operated at temperatures<br>	approaching {absolute zero}.Its low power dissipation factor 	makes it<br>useful in {high density computer circuits}.<br>                                                                                         <br>        (2004-06-28)<br><br>----<br>Hi Denis,<br>              Thanks again for providing me the oppurtunity to edit<br>FOLDOC. I have edited the Josephson Junction entry submitted to me on<br>May 28,2004.If you have any comments on it,kindly let me know.<br><br>I am ready to take up the next entry and contribute to FOLDOC.<br><br>Warm Regards,<br>Senthil<br><br><br><br><br>On Fri, 2004-05-28 at 06:01, Denis Howe wrote:<br>&gt; ------- Start of forwarded message -------<br>&gt; From: Charles T. Marie <br>&gt; To: Denis Howe , Charles T. Marie<br>&gt;     <br>&gt; Subject: Josephson device (i.e. Josephson junction)<br>&gt; X-Host: 66-187-167-179.internetprovidersinc.com<br>&gt; X-Url:<br>&gt; http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/0,,sid9_gci815055,00.html<br>&gt; X-Browser: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; MSN 6.1;<br>&gt;     MSNbMSFT; MSNmen-us; MSNc00; v5m)<br>&gt; Sender: Denis Howe <br>&gt; Date: Mon, 29 Dec 2003 20:05:03 +0000<br>&gt; <br>&gt; *** EOOH ***<br>&gt; From: Charles T. Marie <br>&gt; To: Denis Howe , Charles T. Marie<br>&gt;     <br>&gt; Subject: Josephson device (i.e. Josephson junction)<br>&gt; X-Host: 66-187-167-179.internetprovidersinc.com<br>&gt; X-Url:<br>&gt; http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/0,,sid9_gci815055,00.html<br>&gt; X-Browser: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1; MSN 6.1;<br>&gt;     MSNbMSFT; MSNmen-us; MSNc00; v5m)<br>&gt; Sender: Denis Howe <br>&gt; Date: Mon, 29 Dec 2003 20:05:03 +0000<br>&gt; <br>&gt; Josephson device (i.e. Josephson junction)<br>&gt; <br>&gt; Josephson junction (i.e. Josephson device - my comment)<br>&gt; <br>&gt; A Josephson junction is a type of electronic circuit capable of<br>&gt; switching at very high speeds when operated at temperatures<br>&gt; approaching absolute zero. Named for the British physicist who<br>&gt; designed it, a Josephson junction exploits the phenomenon of<br>&gt; superconductivity, the ability of certain materials to conduct<br>&gt; electric current with practically zero resistance. Josephson junctions<br>&gt; are used in certain specialized instruments such as highly-sensitive<br>&gt; microwave detectors, magnetometers, and QUIDs.  A Josephson junction<br>&gt; is made up of two superconductors, separated by a nonsuperconducting<br>&gt; layer so thin that electrons can cross through the insulating<br>&gt; barrier. The flow of current between the superconductors in the<br>&gt; absence of an applied voltage is called a Josephson current, and the<br>&gt; movement of electrons across the barrier is known as Josephson<br>&gt; tunneling. Two or more junctions joined by superconducting paths form<br>&gt; what is called a Josephson interferometer.<br>&gt; <br>&gt; While researching superconductivity, Brian David Josephson studied the<br>&gt; properties of a junction between two superconductors. Following up on<br>&gt; earlier work by Leo Esaki and Ivar Giaever, he demonstrated that in a<br>&gt; situation when there is electron flow between two superconductors<br>&gt; through an insulating layer (in the absence of an applied voltage),<br>&gt; and a voltage is applied, the current stops flowing and oscillates at<br>&gt; a high frequency.<br>&gt; <br>&gt; The Josephson effect is influenced by magnetic fields in the vicinity,<br>&gt; a capacity that enables the Josephson junction to be used in devices<br>&gt; that measure extremely weak magnetic fields, such as superconducting<br>&gt; quantum interference devices (SQUIDs). For their efforts, Josephson,<br>&gt; Esaki, and Giaever shared the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1973.<br>&gt; ------- End of forwarded message -------<br>&gt; <br>&gt; -- <br>&gt; Denis Howe <br>&gt; Free On-Line Dictionary of Computing<br>&gt; http://www.foldoc.org/<br>Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.<br>Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention: Unless the results are known in<br>advance, funding agencies will reject the proposal.<br><br></p></body></html>