<html><body><p>Linux Loader<br>                                                                                <br><br>         ({LILO}) A versatile {bootloader} for<br>        {Linux}, which does not depend on specific {filesystem} and<br>        can {boot} an {operating system}, specifically {kernel image},<br>        from {floppy disks} and {hard disks}. LILO can even be used as<br>        the {master boot record}.<br>                                                                                <br><br>        At the system boot, only the {BIOS} {Drivers} are available<br>        for LILO to access hard disks.For this reason,in very old<br>        BIOSes, the accessible area is limited to the cylinders 0 to<br>        1023 of the first two hard disks.For later BIOSes,LILO can use<br>        32-bit {logical block addressing} to acccess the entire range<br>        allowed by the BIOS.<br>                                                                                <br><br>        {Grub} is another bootloader widely used in Linux systems.<br>                                                                                <br><br>        (LILO Home Page (http://lilo.go.dyndns.org/).<br>                                                                                <br><br>        (2004-08-11)<br><br>---------- End of Definition -----------------------<br><br>Hi Denis,<br>                 How are you doing? Hope you are doing well.<br><br>That was the LILO entry for FOLDOC.<br><br>And I am ready to take the next.<br><br>Kudos and keep your good work going.<br><br>Thanks!<br>Senthil<br><br>--<br>O.R.Senthil Kumaran<br>Engineer, Dell Product Group<br>OpenManage Product Test<br><br><br>Denis Howe wrote:<br><br>&gt;------- Start of forwarded message -------<br>&gt;From: Matt <br>&gt;To: Denis Howe , Matt <br>&gt;Subject: new definition<br>&gt;X-Host: user-24-214-169-13.knology.net<br>&gt;X-Url: editing<br>&gt;X-Browser: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 6.0; Windows NT 5.1)<br>&gt;Sender: Denis Howe <br>&gt;Date: Mon, 05 Jan 2004 20:20:24 +0000<br>&gt;<br>&gt;new definition<br>&gt;<br>&gt;Linux Loader (or Lilo)<br>&gt;<br>&gt;I have found a new definition.<br>&gt;http://www.acm.uiuc.edu/workshops/linux_install/lilo.html<br>&gt;<br>&gt;<br>&gt;LILO - The Linux Loader<br>&gt; &gt;From the LILO README:<br>&gt;<br>&gt;LILO is a versatile boot loader for Linux.  It does not depend on a<br>&gt;specific file system, can boot Linux kernel images from floppy disks<br>&gt;and hard disks, and can even boot other operating systems.  One of up<br>&gt;to sixteen differernt images can be selected at boot time.  Various<br>&gt;parameters, such as the root device, can be set indepenantly for each<br>&gt;kernel.  LILO can even be used as the master boot record.<br>&gt;<br>&gt;------- End of forwarded message -------<br>&gt;<br>&gt;--<br>&gt;Denis Howe <br>&gt;Free On-Line Dictionary of Computing<br>&gt;http://www.foldoc.org/<br>&gt;<br>&gt;  <br>&gt;<br><br></p></body></html>