<html><body><blockquote><p><em>This piece is famous as Abraham Lincoln's letter to the teacher of his son and there are good number of sources which dispute that fact. Regardless of that, this is a wonderful piece of advice and some thought provoking ideas.</em><br><br><em>Yesterday, incidentally, I had to recollect this one from out of blues, when I was listening to some one. Things may not as black-and-white, but I had to say to myself "For every scoundrel there is a dedicated leader."</em></p><p><br><br><em>Letter to a teacher.</em></p><p><br>He will have to learn, I know,<br>that all men are not just,<br>all men are not true.<br>But teach him also that<br>for every scoundrel there is a hero;<br>that for every selfish Politician,<br>there is a dedicated leader…<br>Teach him for every enemy there is a friend,<br><br>Steer him away from envy,<br>if you can,<br>teach him the secret of<br>quiet laughter.<br><br>Let him learn early that<br>the bullies are the easiest to lick…<br>Teach him, if you can,<br>the wonder of books…<br>But also give him quiet time<br>to ponder the eternal mystery of birds in the sky,<br>bees in the sun,<br>and the flowers on a green hillside.<br><br>In the school teach him<br>it is far honourable to fail<br>than to cheat…<br>Teach him to have faith<br>in his own ideas,<br>even if everyone tells him<br>they are wrong…<br>Teach him to be gentle<br>with gentle people,<br>and tough with the tough.<br><br>Try to give my son<br>the strength not to follow the crowd<br>when everyone is getting on the band wagon…<br>Teach him to listen to all men…<br>but teach him also to filter<br>all he hears on a screen of truth,<br>and take only the good<br>that comes through.<br><br>Teach him if you can,<br>how to laugh when he is sad…<br>Teach him there is no shame in tears,<br>Teach him to scoff at cynics<br>and to beware of too much sweetness…<br>Teach him to sell his brawn<br>and brain to the highest bidders<br>but never to put a price-tag<br>on his heart and soul.<br><br>Teach him to close his ears<br>to a howling mob<br>and to stand and fight<br>if he thinks he’s right.<br>Treat him gently,<br>but do not cuddle him,<br>because only the test<br>of fire makes fine steel.<br><br>Let him have the courage<br>to be impatient…<br>let him have the patience to be brave.<br>Teach him always<br>to have sublime faith in himself,<br>because then he will have<br>sublime faith in mankind.<br><br>This is a big order,<br>but see what you can do…<br>He is such a fine little fellow,<br>my son!<br><br></p></blockquote></body></html>